# Game session 5th October 2023

On the way back to the Barrens from Trubek, Isek &Sons Hal and Glitch having previously tried to call Dekes Amino Composites to be sure they were still able and willing to supply the soy plant with flavour additives. After a few tries by different methods they realise Dekes' is no longer connected. They throw a heads up for the others to leave the factory and join them at Dekes' A.S.A.P.

Dekes' is a big building with a small car park like any mostly automated factory and as the crew gather they hear discordant machine noises and indistinct shouting aboit shutting something down. 

Buddy gathers his power to call something, Glitch tries to connect to find the local node spouting corrupted code. Hal and the others start to plan just as Glitch mentions to Gunshow "If I'm gonna do anything useful I'll need to get in."

Gunshow nods and as the other start to talk he charges the front door with AK in hand. Bursting through (the unbarred and unlocked. but let's not go into that) and checking the room through his gunsights he sees a pair o' squats in norm threads doing tech things but no trogs.

As the others pelt after him (not at all exasperated at all) Hal does the posh chat and finds the Dwarves to be Deke and his son Zack who are trying to stop the facility from ruining itself. Hal spots a lever they were wanted to pull and manfully heaves, pulling himself off the ground in effort. Gunshow follows and lends an arm to finish.

Deke, seeing the crew are F.B gang there to help, starts to list stuff needing doing. Gunshow and Buddy take a busted pressure pipe.  Hal takes the forklift, Dom goes for the busted boards and Glitch dives into the company computer to deal with a virus. Buddy also sets his watchers to find a micro fracture in a another pipe.

Gunshow with Budy helping gets the pipe on and secure pretty swiftly. Gunshow begins to shout instruction and insults in equal measure at Hal (this is cos my rolls were sucky) Buddy pays more attention to the watchers who find the fault and reports it to Deke who then applies tech gunge to fix it.

Dom applies his circuit checker at speed to find the correct boards and replacing them. No fuss, no drama, just tech skills and a little time.

Glitch found the virus and laid into it, chopping bits of code til he could get to it core and then applying the computer equivalent of a steel chair and three rounds to the head to be sure it was dead.

Hal (despite the "helpful" tips from Gunshow) finally managed to get the stuff moved just as..

Dom and Glitch applied themselves to the toxic tank of gunge, joining heads to solve the chemical conundrum that had been inflicted upon Dekes' fermentation tanks. 

As things return to relatively normal. Hal engages Deke in conversation. It swiftly comes to light an Orkboy names Mitsu had rage quit earlier and left the place after sabotaging the factory. Deke also tells the group the load that left a while ago was  toxic as well. Gunshow leaves on his Scorpion to chase the tanker down. Hal sends messages for Cecelia not to accept or use the next load. Buddy sends his bigger spirit to freeze anyone from the tanker in place if they get to the soy plant and his watchers to annoy anyone from the plant daft enough to approach the tanker to unload it.

Gitch recovers enough footage to see that Mitsu had got on the tanker. The crew heads up Gunshow who identifies Mitsu as a CC ganger. The crew jump into Doms wheels and a Rigger gets to Rig.

Catching up wih the tanker a short while later. The Crew (some of them anyway) notice a bike escort alongside the tanker.  Thing get a bit...hectic.

Gunshow steams ahead pulling up to the bike escort (If you can call a runty dodge scoot an escort) amd grabs the orcboy by the belt. Gunshow suddenly feels a rush and the world seems to slow slightly as Buddy magically enhances his speed.

Glitch does his thing and finds two nodes in the tanker (i didn't hear of the escort had one) and tries some computer shenanigans.

Dom tried to divert the truck but has to be rather wary due to mass differences.

Due to the sudden rush of speed Gunshow yoinks the Orkboy off his dinky broomstick and across his lap like a sack of salvage. The little bike wobbles off. He then thumps the orkboy to stop him struggling.  This did not work.

Dom pulls in front of the Tanker in order for others to try their thing.

Hal leans from the Dom mobile, measuring if he can leap to the bike or tanker but finds the reward/risk scale unacceptable.

The driver attempts to surge forward and sideswipe Doms Tech Truck and frags it up royally. turning too tightly he folds the wheels, rolls the cabin and the tanker trailer ploughs through the cabin leaving cabin barely large enough for a chihuahua let alone 2 orkboys.

Dom stops, Gunshow stops with his passenger. The crew tie the orkboy up while Gunshow check the cab of the truck which is...messy.

Mistu is jelly, and the tank is leaking toxic soy sauce (or whatever)

Frag!
